Fix: Correct typos in English documentation (#138)
toss/frontend-fundamentals: en/code/examples/use-user.md

### ✏️ Work on Improving

> By making hooks that call server APIs consistently return a `Query` object, as shown in the following example, you can enhance the predictability of the code for your teammates.

Reviewer: @Seol-JY  "Consider changing 'teammates' to 'team-mates' or 'team mates' for consistency or preferred style."

```suggestion
By making hooks that call server APIs consistently return a `Query` object, as shown in the following example, you can enhance the predictability of the code for your team mates.
```

Author: @Kimbangg 
I would like to suggest that `teammates` is the more appropriate spelling. [link](https://www.quora.com/Is-the-correct-spelling-team-mates-or-teammates) I've also noticed that other documentation consistently uses `teammates` as well. Is there a specific reason why we should change it to `team mates`? If so, I'm happy to make this change consistently across all instances!

Reviewer: @Seol-JY 
I haven’t been using English frequently, so I didn’t realize that the term “teammate” is used as a single word 😅😅

LGTM 💯
